
Problem: New Keyboard

Description:
You have bought a new strange keyboard. When you press the numeric lock key, you cannot use any number. And sometimes the Home key, End key or backspace key gets accidentally pressed.
You had to send an email to your supervisor. Since you were in hurry, you didn’t even notice that the text was messed up. After you sent the email, you knew that you need some help.
Given the text you wrote, print the text your supervisor will receive.
Note: The Home key changes the writing cursor's position to the beginning of the line, which means whatever after '<' goes before what is already written.
The End key changes the writing cursor's position to the end of the line, which means whatever after '>' goes after what is already written.
The Backspace key removes the previous character to the current position. And if there is nothing written, nothing happens.
The Numeric Lock key enables the numbers on the keyboard if they were disabled previously, and vice-versa. Initially, the Numeric Lock is on, that is you can use the numbers.

Input Format
The only line of input consists of a string S , denotes the text contained in the email.

Constraints
1 <= abs(s) <= 10^6

String contains Latin letters, underscores, digits, and four special characters:
Home key represented by '<'
End key represented by '>'
Backspace key represented by '*'
Numeric key represented by '#'

Output Format
Print the text which your supervisor will receive.

Sample Input 0
HE*<LL>O

Sample Output 0
LLHO

Explanation 0
The first two letters will be written normally. So, the output HE is so far.
The third character indicates that Backspace key was pressed. Then, it deletes letter E. So, the output is H so far.
The fourth character indicates that Home key was pressed. Then, the typing cursor moves to the start of the text.
The next two letters will be written at the start, since the previous character was the Home key. So, the output is LLH so far.
The seventh character indicates thatEnd key was pressed. Then, the typing cursor moves to the end of the text.
The next letter will be written at the end, since the previous character was the End key. So, the output is LHHO

Input:
The only line of input consists of a string S , denotes the text contained in the email.

Output:
Print the text which your supervisor will receive.

Example 1:
Input: HE*<LL>O
Output: LLHO
Explanation: The first two letters will be written normally. So, the output HE is so far.
The third character indicates that Backspace key was pressed. Then, it deletes letter E. So, the output is H so far.
The fourth character indicates that Home key was pressed. Then, the typing cursor moves to the start of the text.
The next two letters will be written at the start, since the previous character was the Home key. So, the output is LLH so far.
The seventh character indicates thatEnd key was pressed. Then, the typing cursor moves to the end of the text.
The next letter will be written at the end, since the previous character was the End key. So, the output is LHHO

Constraints:
1 <= abs(s) <= 10^6

Follow-up: [Optional follow-up questions or optimizations]
